Estimate the marginal probability of new documents under 
--help TRUE|FALSE
  Print this command line option usage information.  Give argument of TRUE for longer documentation
  Default is false
--prefix-code 'JAVA CODE'
  Java code you want run before any other interpreted code.  Note that the text is interpreted without modification, so unlike some other Java code options, you need to include any necessary 'new's when creating objects.
  Default is null
--config FILE
  Read command option values from a file
  Default is null
--evaluator FILENAME
  A serialized topic evaluator from a trained topic model.
By default this is null, indicating that no file will be read.
  Default is null
--input FILENAME
  The filename from which to read the list of instances
for which topics should be inferred.  Use - for stdin.  The instances must be FeatureSequence or FeatureSequenceWithBigrams, not FeatureVector
  Default is null
--output-doc-probs FILENAME
  The filename in which to write the inferred log probabilities
per document.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
  Default is null
--output-prob FILENAME
  The filename in which to write the inferred log probability of the testing set
Use - for stdout, which is the default.
  Default is -
--num-particles INTEGER
  The number of particles to use in left-to-right evaluation.
  Default is 10
--use-resampling TRUE|FALSE
  Whether to resample topics in left-to-right evaluation. Resampling is more accurate, but leads to quadratic scaling in the lenght of documents.
  Default is false
--num-iterations INTEGER
  The number of iterations of Gibbs sampling.
  Default is 100
--sample-interval INTEGER
  The number of iterations between saved samples.
  Default is 10
--burn-in INTEGER
  The number of iterations before the first sample is saved.
  Default is 10
--random-seed INTEGER
  The random seed for the Gibbs sampler.  Default is 0, which will use the clock.
  Default is 0